Fix broken links, typos, and other small errors (#796)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/connecting/about-psql.md

# About psql
The `psql` command line tool is widely used for interacting with a PostgreSQL or
TimescaleDB instance, and it is available for all operating systems. Most of

> the instructions in the Timescale docs assume you are using `psql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the instructions in the Timescale documentation assumes you are using `psql`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
the instructions in the Timescale documentation assume you are using `psql`.
```
